README.md, before:

# react-simple-sidenav [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-simple-sidenav.svg?maxAge=000)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-simple-sidenav) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-simple-sidenav.svg?maxAge=000)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-simple-sidenav)

Simple, light weight, fully customizable React component for side navigation, Inspired by [Side Navigation Bar TL;DW episode of Supercharged](https://youtu.be/Mhnj3PiPnZw)

**Demo:**  https://gauravchl.github.io/react-simple-sidenav/demo/

<img width="400" alt="screen shot 2016-07-24 at 2 28 16 pm" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/3471415/17082916/f53e196e-51ab-11e6-84bc-9fc36068c42e.png">



**Install:**
```
npm install react-simple-sidenav
```

**Use:**
```html
import SideNav from 'react-simple-sidenav';

<SideNav
  title="Simple Sidenav"
  items={['Item 1', 'Item 2']}
  />
```
**Props:**

Props | Type | Description
------|------ | -------------
style | object | Style for root element
navStyle | object | Style for nav element
showNav | boolean | Control whether to open or close side navigation
onShowNav | function | Trigger when navigation opens
onHideNav | function | Trigger when navigation close
title      | node | Will display on top
titleStyle | object | Styles for title
items      | [node] | Array of items in navigation list below the title
itemStyle  | object | Styles for item
itemHoverStyle | object | Hover style for item
children  | node | Content of navigation. If supplying children to SideNav, title and items will be ignore and replaced by children




**Examples:**

[with default styles]

```html
  import react from 'react';
  import SideNav, {MenuIcon} from 'react-simple-sidenav';

  React.createClass({
    render() {
      return(
        <MenuIcon onClick={() => this.setState({showNav: true})}/>

        <SideNav
          showNav = {this.state.showNav}
          onHideNav = {() => this.setState({showNav: false})} />
      )
    }
  })

```

[with custom styles]

```html

  <SideNav
    showNav        =  {this.state.showNav}
    onHideNav      =  {() => this.setState({showNav: false})}
    title          =  "Hello World"
    items          =  {['home', 'services', 'about', 'contact']}
    titleStyle     =  {{backgroundColor: '#4CAF50'}}
    itemStyle      =  {{backgroundColor: '#fff'}}
    itemHoverStyle =  {{backgroundColor: '#CDDC39'}}
    />

```

[with custom items]

```html
  <SideNav
    showNav={this.state.showNav3}
    onHideNav={()=>this.setState({showNav3:false})}
    title={<div>Hello octo <img src='git-mark.png' width='26' /></div>}
    titleStyle={{backgroundColor: '#2196F3'}}
    items={[
      <a target='_blank' href='https://github.com/gauravchl/react-simple-sidenav'>View Source on github</a>,
      <a target='_blank' href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-simple-sidenav'>Install via npm</a>,
      <a target='_blank' href='https://gauravchl.github.io/react-simple-sidenav/demo/'>demo</a>
      ]} />


```

**Contributing:**

Please feel free to submit any bugs or suggestions as issues. Pull requests are welcome.
To build package locally run following commands which will build the package from source and update the demo inside `react-simple-sidenav/demo/`.

  ```
  cd /react-simple-sidenav/
  npm install
  npm run build
  ```

Commit message:

Add new prop to open navigation form right side

README.md, after:

# react-simple-sidenav [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/v/react-simple-sidenav.svg?maxAge=000)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-simple-sidenav) [![npm](https://img.shields.io/npm/dm/react-simple-sidenav.svg?maxAge=000)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-simple-sidenav)

Simple, light weight, fully customizable React component for side navigation, Inspired by [Side Navigation Bar TL;DW episode of Supercharged](https://youtu.be/Mhnj3PiPnZw)

**Demo:**  https://gauravchl.github.io/react-simple-sidenav/demo/

<img width="400" alt="screen shot 2016-07-24 at 2 28 16 pm" src="https://cloud.githubusercontent.com/assets/3471415/17082916/f53e196e-51ab-11e6-84bc-9fc36068c42e.png">



**Install:**
```
npm install react-simple-sidenav
```

**Use:**
```html
import SideNav from 'react-simple-sidenav';

<SideNav
  title="Simple Sidenav"
  items={['Item 1', 'Item 2']}
  />
```
**Props:**

Props | Type | Description
------|------ | -------------
style | object | Style for root element
navStyle | object | Style for nav element
titleStyle | object | Styles for title
itemStyle  | object | Styles for item
itemHoverStyle | object | Hover style for item
title      | node | Will display on top
items      | [node] | Array of items in navigation list below the title
showNav | boolean | Control whether to open or close side navigation
openFromRight | boolean | This opens navigation from right side of the window, default is false (from left side).
onShowNav | function | Trigger when navigation opens
onHideNav | function | Trigger when navigation close
children  | node | Content of navigation. If supplying children to SideNav, title and items will be ignore and replaced by children




**Examples:**

[with default styles]

```html
  import react from 'react';
  import SideNav, {MenuIcon} from 'react-simple-sidenav';

  React.createClass({
    render() {
      return(
        <MenuIcon onClick={() => this.setState({showNav: true})}/>

        <SideNav
          showNav = {this.state.showNav}
          onHideNav = {() => this.setState({showNav: false})} />
      )
    }
  })

```

[with custom styles]

```html

  <SideNav
    showNav        =  {this.state.showNav}
    onHideNav      =  {() => this.setState({showNav: false})}
    title          =  "Hello World"
    items          =  {['home', 'services', 'about', 'contact']}
    titleStyle     =  {{backgroundColor: '#4CAF50'}}
    itemStyle      =  {{backgroundColor: '#fff'}}
    itemHoverStyle =  {{backgroundColor: '#CDDC39'}}
    />

```

[with custom items]

```html
  <SideNav
    showNav={this.state.showNav3}
    onHideNav={()=>this.setState({showNav3:false})}
    title={<div>Hello octo <img src='git-mark.png' width='26' /></div>}
    titleStyle={{backgroundColor: '#2196F3'}}
    items={[
      <a target='_blank' href='https://github.com/gauravchl/react-simple-sidenav'>View Source on github</a>,
      <a target='_blank' href='https://www.npmjs.com/package/react-simple-sidenav'>Install via npm</a>,
      <a target='_blank' href='https://gauravchl.github.io/react-simple-sidenav/demo/'>demo</a>
      ]} />


```

**Contributing:**

Please feel free to submit any bugs or suggestions as issues. Pull requests are welcome.
To build package locally run following commands which will build the package from source and update the demo inside `react-simple-sidenav/demo/`.

  ```
  cd /react-simple-sidenav/
  npm install
  npm run build
  ```
